OK let's start with the styles.
I'm going to go to the main directory and get to go to public and I'm going to add a new folder that's
going to be CSSA lowercase.
Yes.
And inside I will create and you fold and you file that it's going to be styles.
That's the style to Singler that CSSA could be styles zem doesn't really matter.
OK now we're going to use two fonts.
Lynn Nicolas's we're going to use two different fonts.
We go to Google and I'm just going to delete that just close that.
And again it just searched fonts from right from the start.
So I'm going to say Google font and then botto I'm doing this because maybe you don't know how to get
the funds from Google funds so apt are just going to show you.
So we're going to go to Google fonds.
Oh sorry.
We're going to go back.
Since we search for Gobodo we have here we're botto.
Google Fonte so you can have all the fonts and right here the top we select the font going to open this
and I'm going to just customize this because I want more styles.
I want to bring the light the regular the medium and the Bold.
Maybe we are not going to use all of them but for now it doesn't matter in real life if you're not using
fonts.
Try to keep this of course because it takes more time to load.
OK we're going to go to embed and begin to use one more font.
I'm going to go right here at the top.
The search and right here begin to type f j A and B can be used just one valid one.
I don't know how how this is pronounced so are going to add it and then I'm going to go to families
selected and the hollow one has only one style.
It's going to be regular.
So we can copy the embed just get a copy of this.
OK I'm going to go to our project to the index not e-mail and I'm going to just copy all of this at
the top right.
So we need to import this.
SS Well it's a link.
So I'm going to go right here at the bottom and I'm going to say link and then rail and style sheet
style sheet.
Bigger than we need to link it.
So it's going to be a ref.
It's going to be inside for Shlash C Ss for Slash style that the SS.
And then we're going to close it right.
I'm going to close this and just bring this make this a little bit smaller.
OK.
We're going to start with the stands right now.
So I'm going to go to style that's the SS and just add some set up stops on substance just a default
style.
So going to say body and the body is going to have a margin of zero pixels.
You can have a padding of square pixels of course merging padding zero and I made stake here here going
to say Margene Burgert.
So we're going to use a font family for all of this.
So I'm going to say font and then family and the font family by default.
It's going to be a botto.
Right.
And we to change the color the color is going to be kind of a darker color.
It's going to be one B one B one B so good we know that it's working.
It's linking the siestas correctly that's good.
So we're going to use that flex box container.
We're going to set it up right now.
It's going to be flex valks flex box and then container.
And I'm just going to copy from here.
We're going to make it flex so we can have the M-S flex for Microsoft.
For Internet Explorer or acha or whatever then the web kid.
And then just default flex we can add a default state for the links so we can remove that text decoration
that really ugly text correction.
Right.
OK that's fine.
I'm going to add more things right now so we can just use it whenever we hit the home.
I can add style for the H.
3 I'm going to say font family and the fun family is going to be that weird font it's going to be Hala.
And then one.
You know we you could add some default style right here.
You know just to save time.
I'm just not going to do it.
We're going to add more thanks.
This H-3 is going to be a fun size of 35 pixels than font weight font.
And then wait there we go and it's going to be 300.
And just the margin bottom
of zero.
Now we don't have this tax right now but we're going to have it in a minute.
So I'm just saving time in doing it doing it right now.
This fun family is going to be for Halloween.
I'm just going to copy and paste at the font size.
It's going to be 30 tiny pixels such as going to copy and paste tiny pixels.
Right.
So everything looks good.
Now one thing we're going to add a margin to this is going to be a weird margin.
We can add 15 pixels than zero pixels and you can get the pixel right here and then five pixels.
OK.
So it looks nice.
Let's add the styles for the header and the future we have right now.
So I'm just going to add a comment right here so we can know that we are studying the header and footer.
So let's go back.
We're going to make reference to Hetter.
So I'm going to say Hetter right.
And this is going to have a border border bottom of one pixel solid.
It's going to be not white but kind of similar to E-2 into E2.
And we can see it right here.
You can see the the line.
So I'm going to go right here at the bottom and since the header and footer are going to share some
styles I can see I can say Hetter coma footer and we can add some styles.
This is going to have a background of hash tag and then white.
We can align items and the line items is going to be center we can add a padding and the padding is
going to be 10 pixels beginning and used on family and the font family for this.
It's going to be the same one as for Halloween.
So I'm just going to copy and paste right.
Let's get it looks like it's working.
Now let's add the styles to the logo.
Let's bring that logo.
We're going to say Hetter and the make reference to the logo.
And since we're going to use the same thing for the footer I'm just going to copy this do a coma and
make reference to the footer because we pretty much have it the same logo on top and the same logo at
the bottom says we're using Fluxbox.
We're going to use flex and then engro.
It's going to be one.
And then height and the hide we're going to give the full tide of twenty two pixels and get OK.
So it looks like it's kind of working.
So let's add the image for the logos.
So I'm going to say Hetter Dan Dadds logo and then span says we're going to use the same thing for the
footer.
I'm just going to copy of this comma and then just make reference to the footer.
Right.
So we can begin to bring the logo from the images folder.
I gave you right here.
So we have it available inside the images folder.
So I'm going to say background.
I'm going to use your L and then just quote.
So I'm going to say for Slash we can access the images directory.
Then Logo dot P and G.
And of course it's going to be no repeat Burguet so we can it make it inspanned.
We want to make it this plot display in line block what.
OK.
So we have to make it right with.
Let's do it again with a go.
Are we going to have 58 pixels is something really dumb.
Height and 24 pixels.
Ok we get the logo.
That's good.
So it looks nice.
Now the back of the footer has kind of a darker color.
So I'm just going to give a style to this and this much is going to be the end of the section.
I going to add a background and the background is going to be kind of a dark color.
And then it's going to be one f f f.
You can add a margin top so we can split the B can separate the footer from the previous section.
So I'm going to say 30 pixels.
Let's go to the project and you know it looks nice could do better but looks nice right.
So let's go to the next section and begin to start bringing the slider for this.